V4 - feat: `QAMExecutionResult` now has a `raw_readout_data` property (#1631)
rigetti/pyquil: docs/source/introducing_v4.rst

    result = qc.qam.execution_options = execution_options

Accessing Raw Execution Data
----------------------------

In previous versions of pyQuil, readout data was always returned as a mapping of memory regions to rectangular matrices
that contained one value per memory reference, per shot. However, it shouldn't be assumed that readout data will always

> fit this shape. For example, programs that use mid-circuit measurement or dynamic control flow can emit a different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fit this shape. For example, programs that reuse qubits or use dynamic control flow can emit a different
```

MCM itself (i.e., measuring before program end) should not change the results shape unless the qubit is reused

In previous versions of pyQuil, readout data was always returned as a mapping of memory regions to rectangular matrices
that contained one value per memory reference, per shot. However, it shouldn't be assumed that readout data will always
fit this shape. For example, programs that reuse qubits or use dynamic control flow can emit a different amount of values
per shot, breaking the assumption that readout data will contain one value for each memory reference per shot.
In these cases, it's better to rely on the author of the program to wrangle the data into the shape they expect, so we've
made it possible to access raw readout data.

In v4, readout data continues to be accessible in the same way as before, but if the readout data generated by your program
doesn't fit a rectangular matrix, a ``RegisterMatrixConversionError`` will be raised. In this case,
you should use the ``raw_readout_data`` property to access the raw data and build the data structure you need.

.. warning::

   It's possible to have a program that results in a rectangular matrix of readout data, but have more than one value

>    per memory reference, per shot due to qubit reuse. In these cases, a `RegisterMatrixConversionError` will _not_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   per memory reference per shot due to qubit reuse. In these cases, a `RegisterMatrixConversionError` will _not_
```
